and David said in his heart
and David said in his heart now I shall perish someday by the hand
now I shall perish someday by the hand
now I shall perish someday by the hand of Saul there is nothing better for me
of Saul there is nothing better for me
of Saul there is nothing better for me then that I should speedily escape to
then that I should speedily escape to
then that I should speedily escape to the land of the Philistines and Saul
the land of the Philistines and Saul
the land of the Philistines and Saul with despair of me to seek me anymore in
with despair of me to seek me anymore in
with despair of me to seek me anymore in any part of Israel so I shall escape out
any part of Israel so I shall escape out
any part of Israel so I shall escape out of his hand
of his hand
of his hand [Music]
[Music]
[Music] then David arose and went over with the
then David arose and went over with the
then David arose and went over with the six hundred men who were with him to a
six hundred men who were with him to a
six hundred men who were with him to a Koosh the son of mayic king of Gath so
Koosh the son of mayic king of Gath so
Koosh the son of mayic king of Gath so David dwelt with a Koosh at gaff he and
David dwelt with a Koosh at gaff he and
David dwelt with a Koosh at gaff he and his men each man with his household and
his men each man with his household and
his men each man with his household and David with his two wives a Hinnom the
David with his two wives a Hinnom the
David with his two wives a Hinnom the jezreelite as' and Abigail the car
jezreelite as' and Abigail the car
jezreelite as' and Abigail the car mellitus navels widow and it was told
mellitus navels widow and it was told
mellitus navels widow and it was told sole that David had fled to Gath
sole that David had fled to Gath
sole that David had fled to Gath so he sought him no more then David said
so he sought him no more then David said
so he sought him no more then David said to a Koosh if I have now found favor in
to a Koosh if I have now found favor in
to a Koosh if I have now found favor in your eyes let them give me a place in
your eyes let them give me a place in
your eyes let them give me a place in some town in the country that I might
some town in the country that I might
some town in the country that I might dwell there for why should your servant
dwell there for why should your servant
dwell there for why should your servant dwell in the Royal City with you
dwell in the Royal City with you
dwell in the Royal City with you so a Koosh gave him Ziklag that day
so a Koosh gave him Ziklag that day
so a Koosh gave him Ziklag that day therefore Ziklag has belonged to the
therefore Ziklag has belonged to the
therefore Ziklag has belonged to the kings of judah to this day now the time
kings of judah to this day now the time
kings of judah to this day now the time that David dwelt in the country of the
that David dwelt in the country of the
that David dwelt in the country of the Philistines was one full year and four
Philistines was one full year and four
Philistines was one full year and four months
months
months and David and his men went up and raided
and David and his men went up and raided
and David and his men went up and raided the Geshe ranks the ger sites and the
the Geshe ranks the ger sites and the
the Geshe ranks the ger sites and the Amalekites for those nations were the
Amalekites for those nations were the
Amalekites for those nations were the inhabitants of the land from of old as
inhabitants of the land from of old as
inhabitants of the land from of old as you go - sure even as far as the land of
you go - sure even as far as the land of
you go - sure even as far as the land of Egypt never David attacked the land he
Egypt never David attacked the land he
Egypt never David attacked the land he left neither man nor woman alive but
left neither man nor woman alive but
left neither man nor woman alive but took away the sheep the oxen the donkeys
took away the sheep the oxen the donkeys
took away the sheep the oxen the donkeys the camels and the apparel and returned
the camels and the apparel and returned
the camels and the apparel and returned and came to a Koosh then a Koosh would
and came to a Koosh then a Koosh would
and came to a Koosh then a Koosh would say where have you made a raid today and
say where have you made a raid today and
say where have you made a raid today and David would say against the southern
David would say against the southern
David would say against the southern area of Judah or against the southern
area of Judah or against the southern
area of Judah or against the southern area of the Jeremy alights were against
area of the Jeremy alights were against
area of the Jeremy alights were against the southern area of the Kenites David
the southern area of the Kenites David
the southern area of the Kenites David were saved neither man nor woman alive
were saved neither man nor woman alive
were saved neither man nor woman alive to bring news to Gath saying lest they
to bring news to Gath saying lest they
to bring news to Gath saying lest they should inform on our saying thus David
should inform on our saying thus David
should inform on our saying thus David did and thus was his behavior all the
did and thus was his behavior all the
did and thus was his behavior all the time he dwelt in the country of the
time he dwelt in the country of the
time he dwelt in the country of the Philistines
Philistines
Philistines so a Koosh believed David he has made
so a Koosh believed David he has made
so a Koosh believed David he has made his people Israel utterly abhor him
his people Israel utterly abhor him
his people Israel utterly abhor him therefore he will be my servant forever